Update for.adoc (#852)
arduino/reference-en: Language/Structure/Control Structure/for.adoc

=== Example Code
[source,arduino]
----
// Brighten an LED using a PWM pin

> int PWMpin = 10;  // LED in series with 470 ohm resistor on pin 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
int PWMpin = 10;  // LED in series with 470 ohm resistor from pin 10 to ground
```
Whether or not the description is correct depends on the circuit, which was incompletely defined. If the LED is connected between pin 10 and Vcc, then the previous description was correct.
